Introduction to story
User story
Whatever are the requirements we note it down in terms of easy words as possible 
Here user role can also come
For example. 
I.n.v.e.s.t ( a good way to write user story)
I (independent)
N (negotiable) - subject to change, any offer should be negotiable 
V (value) - user story should be able to deliver value. For example remote desktop
E (estimable) every user story should be able to estimate. 
S (small) big module represent, there are epics 
T (testiable) every user story should be able to be tested

Moscow - here few words point to certain things
M (must have) example teacher should mark attendance 
S. (Should have) Example calling and sms would come in must have but then a person want Bluetooth it should come in should have
C (could have) good to have
W (won't have) low priority 

Our final product would be decided in certain chunks. How do we know what task to perform first

There is a prioritization technique that is called Moscow

Sir showed us a video
There is a company names struggle and co

[Image 71.jpg]


There are lot of works and workload, the company is struggling with that


[Image 72.jpg]
He is the performer, who takes full responsibility of his task and helps the organization tremendously


[Image 73.jpg]
He is the doer he helps but doesn't does much or able to help much. He is keen to help and learn.

[Image 74.jpg]
Ellecifector
His contribution does  not make much difference 

[Image 75.jpg]
He is the puttential trouble source 
If he is given guidance he is effectively performing else he 


[Image 76.jpg]
He if he is undetected is a very dangerous threat

Differentiate between productive and destructive people 

Sir played a Urdu english game 

 






Relay race is  like water fall
Untill one lap is not finished another can't start 

Mukhalfin are the constrains

Scrum is the most popular agile framework

Scrum faces and process
We just need to know how many are there




Scrum values

[Image 77.jpg]
Focus ( we should focus on our goal) 
Sacrifice for your goal and not your goal. 

Openers 
Imperisism transparency map to the value of the product 

Commitment 
Commited to a goal.

Courage
Point out right and wrong 



Finals wont be easy so we need to study a little bit 



[Image 78.jpg]
Core roles 
Non core roles


Risk apetite : willingness to take risk
Risk threshold: the amount of risk you are willing to take
Risk takers those who take risk

Risk muter: he is insensitive to risk


Scrum is made up of scrum team
There are two roles 
Core role and non core role
Core roles come in SDLC life cycle they are involved in development 
Product sucess factor core 

Non core roles it helps give boost 

Office hr team is a non core but it's office party

Non core roles are not mediator required for the team but interact with the team

Core roles are mandatory required for the development of the product
There are three core roles 
Scrum master 
Product owner 
Scrum team 

Who is the product owner 
He is the super hero of the product
Maximize the business value of the product 

Responsible for articulating customer requirements 

For requirement there are these four product
Laborious - Laibour
Protectected - thinking some particular time and then taking more time

Articulation - product owner explain how it is to be explained 
Anticipation - understand something before being talked to about that 


Prioritization backlog
Primusenterbaras 
Respect is given of two respect. 
1. Because of fear
2. Respect due to personality 


Scrum master 
Servent leader